# Distinctiveness and Complexity:
## So my capstone project is designing a website course. I incorporated my interest in guitar and my interest in coding and put it into one project. The website basically gives you infromation about acoustic guitar and how to learning playing songs excellently. It's the usual online course so you just register, log in and the information will be given to thos who are logged in. I used Javascript, HTML, CSS, Python, and framework Django. Throughout the course, we focused mainly on server side validation as most projects have the basic html structure and css style. So mostly it was Django, Python, and Javascript. But here in my final project, I really focused on the design and layout the same way as the other three (JS, Python, Django). 

## This website has lots of texts as I need to explain my guitar course, so lots of <p> tags <ul>/<li> tags, <h> tags and lots of styling with these tags. I also managed to insert videos and images and tried to style aswell. I also put a sidenav that is responsive where you can open it and open it. Inside the sidenav are the different sections of my course. These sections are either in index.html or layout.html, so I used Javascript to hide the info and display it whenever the user clicks it. But html pages such as login, register, error, and review are separate html files. I also used @media screens so that it is mobile responsive. So mainly it adjusts its positioning and font-size based on certain screen size. In this project I used javascript more than python in terms of passing on data. Also used javascript to update some elements in the page and make it responsive. Examples are the progress bar, the buttons, the sidenav, and many more. Python was used for the login, register, updating something, and getting something from the database, in summary the server side. And of course Django for building the main structure of the website, and connecting all these programming/script language and cooperate together. Overall I utilized Javascript, Python, HTML, CSS, and Django to make a dynamic website that stores progress.

## In terms of distinctiveness and complexity, I think this is unique enough based on the proejcts we did in the past lessons. This project is more on a website that users can interact, but not add someting except for the reviews section. Unlike other projects that users can add something, and buy something. But it doesn't mean that this project is not complex. It's complex (in my case at leaast) because the elements in the webpage are responsive and is unique to each user. First example would be the progress bar, it increases whenever the user ends a video, and that when the user watches the same video again, it won't increase the progress bar. This still apply even when the user reloads the apge or logs in again. So lots of validation and checking in the backend for this part. There's also buttons that changes color when the user finishes watching the video to indicate that this video is done. There's also a hyperlink that is not available to user until the progress bar is 80%, and a hyperlink popping out when teh suer reaches 100%. So this project has more html/css involvement to javscript and python. Unlike past projects that are only html to javascript/python involvement.

## The reason why I decided to make a guitar course is because I want to share my learnings to other via a website. It combines both my interes in guitar and in coding so it's a win win for me. I also watch a lot of courses online so I wanted to learn how they do it and the design, so that was my inspiration. Although I didn't put actual videos, I will input real lesson videos in the future.
